Technical Documentation for aid in helping the end user navigate and operate the 
React Ranger (RR) Application for coding terminology, concept, and syntax assistance:

The following documentation identifies the component structure and functionality for the 
React Ranger application under the curriculum provided by the School of Code (SoC) Academy. 
Each component is designed to provide week-to-week assistance to SOC academy students as they are introduced to an increasing lexicon of coding concepts and syntax.

NavBar:
The NavBar contains a folder for each week. Each weekly folder contains a list of key concepts 
and definitions based on material covered within the designated week. When the End User(EU) 
selects a particular week, a list of terms covered that week will appear via a drop-down menu. 
The EU will then be able to select the desired term for review. This will activate the synchronized functionality of the Lesson Card, Quiz, and Notes components. 

Lesson Card:
This offers a basic definition of the term or concept selected by the EU in NavBar. 
In addition to key terms, any relevant code snippets will also populate the Lesson Card. 
The Lesson Card provides a basic definition of the selected term, any relevant 
code snippet and a link to SoC approved url resource. 

Notes:
The Notes function provides a place in the Graphical User Interface (GUI) for 
the EU to take down brief notes. Once the EU has accessed the 'Add a Note 
input box and keyed in an idea or question, they will select the 'Update Note.' 
This action will populate as a line item under the 'Notes' section in the center of the screen. 
A trash bin icon will appear at the end of each populated note offering the EU to 
delete the note at any time.

Quiz:
As part of the synchronized data functionality of the app, when the EU selects a term 
from one of the weekly folders nested in the NavBar, an interrogative statement related to
the data that appears in the Lesson Card will populate in the "Test Your Knowledge." 
section of the app. The answer, obstructed by a blur effect, will  
appear below the question simultaneously. The EU can clearly see the answer by hovering the
pointer over it. 

Motivational API:
In keeping with the SoC Academy's emphasis on maintaining balance and support, especially as 
the level of technical sophistication of material increases from week to week, the 
RR application contains a motivational quote component. This component will select a 
random motivational component from an API that can be operated by the EU, 
selecting the 'New Quote' button. While this component may not contain innate technical value, 
the RR app believes it provides a small contribution to the well-rounded 
compendium of education championed by both the React Rangers and School of Code. 

